Character

Ivan is an interactive artist and freelance art director. He eats a loose vegan diet, sometimes he indulges in animal products, and attends weekly meditation sessions. For fun he regularly attendees open mic readings, music performances, underground parties, beirut ping pong tournaments. He also contributes to a community garden, holds group drawing sessions and throws monthly wikipartias at his home. 

Setting

	Governments are overthrown by social media, tweets and anonymous news sites.
	Billion dollar companies are born in dorm rooms and built with open source frameworks
	Crowdfunding allows anyone, individuals or organizations, to raise funding directly from users, future customers, on the belief that they will deliver the product they promised. 
	Pop Prodigies are discovered via Youtube
	
Plot 
	
	Ivan spends 170 days a year traveling, primarily for work, between LA, NY and Portland attending and speaking Ad/Art conventions. He usually stays in hotels closest to his destination but has recently discovered Airbnb and prefers the unique experience and feeling of home it provides. His lodging budget is usually provided for him in the form of a 4 week expense return. 
	
Conflict 

When traveling for business he spends most of his time at his place of lodging and place of purpose. He often feels disconnected and out of place because his sense of home and community of peers have been left behind. 

Resolution

	R H O M E. An network of creative people and places. 
	
Themes
	
	
	
How would you describe your services and/or products?
	RHOME is a global network of creative people and places for living, working and playing. To RHOME is to seek, to explore. RHOME is a place where people and ideas move freely throughout the globe. It is the creative's home away from home. 
	
What are the long terms goals of your company?
	Our goal is to create a global network of people and places. We are focused on creating a brand around people and their creations. 
	
Who are your main competitors?	
	Large hotel brands
	
How are you different from your competitors?
	
	
	
	
	
	